on that day king ahasuerus gave Queen
Esther the house of Haman the enemy of
the Jews
and Mordecai came before the King for
Esther had told how he was related to
her so the king took off his signet ring
which had taken from Haman and gave it
to Mordecai and Esther appointed
Mordecai over the house of Haman
now Esther spoke again to the king fell
down at his feet and implored him with
tears to counteract the evil of Haman
the agag Act and the scheme which he had
devised against the Jews and the King
held out the golden scepter toward
Esther so Esther arose and stood before
the king if it pleases the King and if I
have found favor in his sight the thing
seems right to the king and I am
pleasing in his eyes let it be written
to revoke the letters devised by Haman
the son of Hama death the agave which he
wrote to annihilate the Jews who are in
all the king's provinces for health and
I endure to see the evil that will come
to my people or how can i endu of this
youth destruction of my
[Music]
then King Ahasuerus said to Queen Esther
and Mordecai the Jew indeed I have given
Esther the house of Haman and they have
hanged him on the gallows because he
tried to lay his hand on the Jews you
yourselves write a decree concerning the
Jews as you please in the King's name
and seal it with the Kings signet ring
for whatever is written in the King's
name and sealed with the Kings signet
ring
no one can revoke so the Kings scribes
were called at that time in the third
month which is the month of Sipho on the
23rd day and it was written according to
all that Mordecai commanded to the Jews
the satraps the governors and the
princes of the provinces from India to
Ethiopia 127 provinces in all to every
province in its own script to every
people in their own language and to the
Jews in their own script and language
and he wrote in the name of King
Ahasuerus sealed it with the Kings
signet ring and sent letters by couriers
on horseback riding on Royal horses bred
from Swift steeds by these letters the
King permitted the Jews who were in
every city to gather together and
protect their lives to destroy killed
and annihilate all the forces of any
people or province that would assault
them both little children and women and
to plunder their possessions on one day
in all the provinces of King Ahasuerus
on the 13th day of the 12th month which
is the month of ADA
a copy of the document was to be issued
as a decree in every province and
published for all people so that the
Jews will be ready on that day to avenge
themselves on their animals couriers who
rode on royal horses went out hastened
and pressed on by the king's command and
the decree was issued in Shushan the
citizen so Mordecai went out from the
presence of the king in royal apparel of
blue and white with a great crown of
gold and the garment of fine linen and
purple and the City of Shushan rejoiced
and was glad the Jews had light and
gladness joy and honor and in every
province and city wherever the king's
command and decree came the Jews had joy
and gladness a feast and a holiday then
many of the people of the land became
Jews because fear of the Jews fell upon
them
you